suggestions:
- Some adjectives that have a verbal and a deverbal reading are not analyzed as verb-derived. For instance, ‘bekannt’ is marked as ‘false’, however it is also the past participle of bekennen and as such can also act as a verbal adjective. Such cases should be marked as verb-derived.
- Adjectives that have typical adjective prefixes (e.g. ‘un-‘, ‘ent-‘), suffixes (e.g. ‘-bar’, ‘-lich’, ‘-ig’), and/or Ablaut and contain a verb root should be marked as verb-derived. E.g. (1) ‘unabhängig’ should be verb-derived with lemma ‘abhangen’ and (2) ‘verantwordlich’ should be verb-derived with lemma ‘verantworden’.
- In compounds, the head of the compound determines whether the adjective is verbal or not. As a heuristic, you can assume that the rightmost constituent of the compound is virtually always the head. E.g. ‘erziehungswissenschaftliche’ is not verb-derived, because the head is ‘wissenschaftliche’.
- Similarly, in the lemmatization, thus the head always provides the lemma. So, e.g. in anwendungsorientiert, the lemma is ‘orientieren’ (not ‘anwenden’), in ’spaziergehende’ -> ‘gehen'.

- mark participles as verb-derived
- mark adjectival affix/ Umlaut + verb root as verb-derived
- if right-most constituent in compound is verb-derived, mark adjective as verb-derived
- right-most constituent serves as baseverb


-bar verbindet sich nur mit Verben: ess-bar, trink-bar, hör-bar, denk-bar. Das Ergebnis ist ein Adjektiv
-> endsWith("bar") = is verb derived

Endungen: -bar, -ig, -isch, -lich, -los, -sam, -voll

siehe http://www.canoo.net/services/WordformationRules/Derivation/To-A/N-To-A/Suffig.html

Präfixe, die vor Adjektiven stehen KÖNNEN:
ab 	aller 	außer 	binnen
erz 	ge 	grund 	inner
miss 	nach 	ober 	über
un 	unter 	ur 	vor
wider 	zwischen

a 	anti 	bi 	de
dis 	en 	ex 	extra
hyper 	in 	inter 	intra
kon 	konter 	multi 	non
post 	prä 	pro 	pseudo
retro 	semi 	sub 	super
supra 	trans 	ultra 	zirkum


Suffixe:
ig 	isch 	istisch 	lich
sam
erlei 	fach

en 	erig 	ern 	haft
ig 	isch 	lich 	los
mäßig 	sam 	sch

erig 	ern 	ig 	isch
lich

haft 	los 	mäßig

erig 	ig 	isch 	lich

al 	alisch 	anisch 	ar
är 	arisch 	atisch 	ell
esk 	etisch 	ial 	id
iell 	in 	inisch 	istisch
itisch 	iv 	ös 	orisch
ual 	uell

bar 	erig 	haft 	ig
isch 	lich 	sam

erig 	ig 	isch 	lich

bar 	ig 	lich 	sam

abel 	ant 	at 	ativ
ent 	ibel 	il 	it
itiv 	iv

? fähig